[Applause]
all right yeah we all do a keeper broad
singing like Jesus Christ good though
the tune up for everybody for coming out
today good do it up a little match to
pretty tough and I always like seeing
max do stand-up just because is that's
always like hot 97 Summer Jam it's
always bringing the fire and someone
always winds up pregnant at the end of
it but you didn't say my full name boy I
name is Ryan Stiles yes that is my real
name I'm not fucking with you my name is
actually right south I never never tell
someone that my name is Ryan Stiles they
always come up to me be like oh like the
guy from lupines anyway I'm like it's
really difficult growing up Jewish
nowadays but I mean I'm not Jewish but
it's but as you can probably tell by now
I've got this awesome burly ass beard
and he's like oh what's the hardest part
about having a beer and I'm always like
well you know first thing it's the
copious amounts of pussy that I get like
a non-stop and the second part is
registering as a sex offender
that's usually the hardest part I'm
around neighborhood there so it's the
people parents that are fucked up case
in point my parents showed me the
shining when I was four years old
this will fucked me up to this day I
feel other day I was at my friend's
house taking a piss in the bathroom and
to this day I'm a grown-ass man I have
to go to the bathroom open the shower
curtain to make sure there isn't a
zombie lady just chilling in the bathtub
look I'm 25 years old like fucking cares
if there's a zombie lady in this fucking
fan stuff but I think I see some ladies
out here tonight ladies give it up for
yourself thanks for coming out tonight
and wise man once said no I see some
ladies tonight that'll be having my baby
women nowadays they always say that they
don't want one thing and that's usually
drama but that's fucking bullshit
because everybody knows that a woman
can't do anything without drama if you
don't keep it interesting the shit's
gonna get fucking boring
so here's we do guys here's a little tip
tonight if anyone's out of first thing I
know somebody was maybe but be
enthusiastic here's what you do all you
gotta do is after you guys are fooling
around it's like Amish because I take
care of you just come back but all you
gotta do is get your bed and then burn
her house down she won't never fucking
forget you ever fucked up but think
about it like 30 years later it's gonna
be an awesome story to tell your kids
trust me trust me what are you stupid
I love stupid bitches just because when
we start getting fooling around we
started getting down to business or
whatever and they see how small my dick
is I could just be like no no baby it's
all good it's just really far away this
quick sidenote my mother before I came
here she was like don't be so this is
kind of like she sees this one but I'm
kind of picky about my women I like my
women like I like my coffee black bitter
and really into anal like loving fucking
Hale but I have you had a breakup with
an ex-girlfriend because she was in jail
and that sounds all fun and good up
until a certain point
I'll be your asshole starts getting
really fucking sore the anals I'm so
fucking fun so please trust me
cut me
Amy's not so fucking fun man cuz big but
I know I haven't got some funky weird
and I have thought oh please don't
offend you but I could never ever date a
black girl even though I've always
wanted to fuck a black chick because
they seem so much fucking fun but I
could never do it just because I would
have to keep one eye on her and one eye
on my wallet just to make sure I wasn't
getting robbed at the same time all
racist don't worry I'm not a I'm just
pasty as a fucking yes I'll even say the
word vinegar or raccoon never ever ever
come out of my mouth but I can relate to
some black people now and again just
because I'm not like you I can never be
anywhere on time I have a penchant for
white bitches and I always fit the
description but the thing description
it's usually in something involved with
a kidnapping or child molestation
research recently and this is taken
months and months and lots of serious
research and I found that only two types
of people can say the n-word and get
away with it totally alright that is
black people themselves and the white
women that fuck them okay this research
was also done on copious amounts of
fucking pornography or no the next to
bread tube you know all the like a game
summers coming up weathers getting
really nice out there you know it's
starting to get a little better out
there and we spending some more time
outside and you know I like to go hiking
or you know as I like to call it walking
about 50 yards to the wood smoke a joint
and I just turn around just walk right
back I was driving and I saw this this
dude riding a unicycle with headphones
on and but he was riding a unicycle like
he wasn't riding a unicycle like he was
just walking down the street I'm like
smoking
the only difference between a bracelet
and an anklet whatever when you put it
on is that the only difference between
the two because they've really found at
all and it really complex here tonight
ain't questions catholics whatever
celebrating went easter but when I was a
kid awesome my parents picked something
you know to give up for forty days and
we'll give you a president be on the
PlayStation whatever the fuck whatever
it doesn't fucking matter
so that was always the shit to me
because I would just pick really easy
shit that I would just never have a
problem giving up in the first place
like oh yeah I think Bill forty days
without any reruns of her Brooke Laverne
and Shirley or anything like that or any
boy meets world or anything like that
on my time but I believe with one or two
extra stories but uh here's here's
something there is this dude named
Rakesh Hotel in one month he proceeded
to send text messages was it one hundred
and eighty two thousand times per month
that is fucking crazy that is the
craziest shit I've ever heard that
averages out to about 60 100 times a day
oh the last time you did anything 60 a
month 100 times a day that's like for me
masturbating last time I found out about
their gay pornography it's about the end
of my set but I usually have a little
consternation selling this last joke but
um it's a little racy may not so too
well but um I'm gonna need some audience
participation it's an old-school
knock-knock joke not gonna offend
anybody promise you but um
[Applause]
forget me Ben oh thank you everybody's
been real you want more you follow me on
Twitter about bones but Jesus loves me a
lot guys serious
[Music]